Awesome. You implemented a C++ function to predict the Sigma points.
This means, we can move on to the next step and
calculate the mean and the covariance matrix of the predicted state.
Let's look at the visualization again.
First, we generated the Sigma points.
Then, we predicted them.
Now, we want to use the Sigma points to calculate
the mean and the covariance of the predicted state.
The standard rule for calculating the mean and
covariance of a group of state samples is given by these equations.
The index i means,
we are talking about the column number i of this matrix.
However, we have these additional weights we need to consider.
Obviously, we need a weight for every Sigma point,
and this is how the weights are calculated.
You can see that these weights somehow depend on the spreading parameter lambda.
We use lambda before to set how far we want to spread the Sigma points.
Why do we need to consider lambda again here?
Think about it like this.
Before we had a covariance matrix and generated Sigma points,
now we're doing the inverse step.
We have predicted Sigma points and we want to recover the covariance matrix.
So, we also have to invert the spreading of the Sigma points,
and this is what the weights do.
There's more than one correct way to define
these weights and you will find several suggestions if you look into the literature.
But in this lesson, we will stick with these rules. All right.
That's how you calculate the mean and the covariance of your predicted Sigma points.
With this, you will have completed the UKF prediction step.